[SOAR 1786 ]Check host Fortinet workflow fixes (#262)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: workflows/Check_Host_Block_Status_with_Fortinet_Firewall_from_Microsoft_Teams/help.md

|Plugin|Version|Count|
|----|----|--------|
|Fortinet FortiGate|4.0.3|1|
|HTML|1.2.1|1|
|Microsoft Teams|2.0.5|4|

## Troubleshooting

_There is no troubleshooting information at this time_

# Version History

> * 1.1.2 - Update Fortinet FortiGate and Microsoft Teams plugins the latest version | Add a new message if Fortinet FortiGate action fails

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1.1.2 - Update Fortinet FortiGate and Microsoft Teams plugins to the latest versions | Added a new message if Fortinet FortiGate action fails
```
